Add `sensuctl dump --types` (#1804)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.14/sensuctl/reference.md

sensuctl dump handler,filter --format yaml --file my-handlers-and-filters.yaml
{{< /highlight >}}

### sensuctl dump resource types

The table below lists supported `sensu dump` resource types. You can also use a `sensuctl` subcommand to list the types of supported resources:

{{< highlight shell >}}
sensuctl dump --types
{{< /highlight >}}

> _NOTE: The resource types with no synonym listed are [licensed-tier](https://sensu.io/features) features._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: The resource types with no synonym listed are [licensed-tier](../getting-started/enterprise/) features._
```

Synonym | Fully qualified name 
--------------------|---
None | `authentication/v2.Provider`
None | `licensing/v2.LicenseFile`
None | `store/v1.PostgresConfig`
None | `federation/v1.Replicator`
`assets` | `core/v2.Asset`
`checks` | `core/v2.CheckConfig`
`clusterroles` | `core/v2.ClusterRole`
`clusterrolebindings` | `core/v2.ClusterRoleBinding`
`entities` | `core/v2.Entity`
`events` | `core/v2.Event` 
`filters` | `core/v2.EventFilter`
`handlers` | `core/v2.Handler`
`hooks` | `core/v2.Hook`
`mutators` | `core/v2.Mutator`
`namespaces` | `core/v2.Namespace`
`roles` | `core/v2.Role`
`rolebindings` | `core/v2.RoleBinding`

> `silenceds` | `core/v2.Silenced`

Author: ```suggestion
`silenced` | `core/v2.Silenced`
```
